---

title: "AUD210 Weekly Blog 9"
category: AUD210
tags: AUD
excerpt: "Jingles"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blogs/aud210bp2.jpg

---
<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>



##Jingles Timeline

Over the next three weeks, I have been tasked to create four minutes of audio content for a variety of different videos. A minute and thirty seconds will be done with others in a group. Another minute will be for an animation created by a student. The remaining minute and thirty seconds will be for two advertisements. 


##Forza Hoirzon 3
{% include video id="RqkpT0qag5c" provider="youtube" %}

For the group collaboration, we have chosen to do the Forza Horizon 3 game trailer. In terms of music style, we decided to do something more upbeat and to incorporate a lot of sound of the car's engines both up close, and from a far. During the first week, we'll be meeting up in the western suburbs to do some recordings of Brendan's car. We have an industrial area in mind that was relatively quiet to get clean recordings of the car outdoors. Following that recording or on another day, we'll head to the beach to grab some sounds of the water just crashing onto the shore for the beginning of the trailer. Towards the end of the first week, we'll be recording some foley sounds the ad.

The following week, most of the sounds we have should be recorded. A voiceover is still undecided but the room it is there. We'll finish up recordings of different cars. Majority of this week would be for editing and mixing. 

###Important Dates
*13/04/18 – Pitch and Build Website
*16/04/18 to 20/04/18 – Audio Production (Recording of Car Sounds, ambient noises and Foley)
*21/04/18 – Audio Production (Possible Voice Over and recording of outside vehicles)
*22/04/18 – the Final mixing of Soundtrack and Fx.

##Animation 
<div class="sketchfab-embed-wrapper"><iframe width="640" height="480" src="https://sketchfab.com/models/d6fc89e4e0534ab193521fd724c7f7d0/embed" frameborder="0" allowvr allowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen="true" webkitallowfullscreen="true" onmousewheel=""></iframe> <p style="font-size: 13px; font-weight: normal; margin: 5px; color: #4A4A4A;"> <a href="https://sketchfab.com/models/d6fc89e4e0534ab193521fd724c7f7d0?utm_medium=embed&utm_source=website&utm_campain=share-popup" target="_blank" style="font-weight: bold; color: #1CAAD9;">modularassetroom</a> by <a href="https://sketchfab.com/minie?utm_medium=embed&utm_source=website&utm_campain=share-popup" target="_blank" style="font-weight: bold; color: #1CAAD9;">minie</a> on <a href="https://sketchfab.com?utm_medium=embed&utm_source=website&utm_campain=share-popup" target="_blank" style="font-weight: bold; color: #1CAAD9;">Sketchfab</a> </p> </div>

This the modular asset room animation I have chosen that was created by Minie. After meeting and discussing ideas, we were on the same page. I had the idea of a very sinister vibe, lots of synths layers and some guitar. She said it was a witches'lair and the two windows at the ends were actually portals. 

##Apple iPhone 7
{% include video id="9wQemj4-xiw" provider="youtube" %}
 This is the first advertisement I chose. A simple Apple iPhone 7. My idea of this would be to have a slow relax vibe that goes with the journey of the balloon in the add. As the red balloon meets the yellow balloon, it'll be a cue to add another layer to the song. The same will happen when the two balloon meets all the other balloons. 
 
During the first week, I plan to do more pre-production work and lay down some scratch tracks. This is mainly to get an idea of what to do the following week in the studio. In the studio session, I'll be recording guitars, bass, and maybe some drums. 

##Hugo Boss 
{% include video id="D6I9gRDMgNY" provider="youtube" %}

The second advertisement I chose is this ad from Hugo Boss. My take on this is to make a very sexy, very jazzy vibe that'll go with the ad. The ad itself is selling a fragrance that seduces the other partner. I decided this is the vibe I wanted to go for. A strong drum and bass line will drive it. Halfway through the ad, I have planned for a saxophone to improvise on top to create some melody on the spot. 

As with the other ad, the planning is the same. Mostly preproduction and vibe in the first week. The second week is recordings of drums, bass, and saxophone.

The third week is all post-production and mixing followed by submission.