---

title: "AUD210 Weekly Blog 6"
category: AUD210
tags: AUD
excerpt: "Soundalike"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blogs/aud210bp2.jpg

---
<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>



### Studio Roles
For the first recording session of the soundalike project my role was the Pro Tools operator. This role is crucial as with the other, but without a Pro Tools operator, there would be no recordings done. My main responsibilites included:
* setting ProTools with the correct input and outputs
* recording each take - either from the start or wherever the artist or producer wanted
* playback takes
* compare different takes
* ensure a good gain structure going into the session.

One new trick I learnt was routing the reference track into an alternate input on the desk. This allowed us to listen to what we were recording and jump quickly to what the original sounds like. 

In order to consider if I did my role was sucessful, here are some questions I'd ask myself
* Was I always ready to record a new take?
* Were people waiting on me?
* Is there enough level coming into the DAW?
* Did I do each task in a timely matter?

Overall, I think I was successful. With my confidence in Pro Tools I opted to take this role for the drum session, the biggest recording sesssion for the project.  Having said that, it was the first time I did a session in a group with people I don't know. That showed in my lack of confidence to speak up at times. Sure, I could keep the session going well in the DAW, but I let my role be more a supporting role than a main role. However after a few takes, I felt more comfortable with the group and that put me more at ease with everyone else. There was a take where I heard the drummer played a cymbal rather lightly and didn't ring out as much, and I brought it up with the producer. 

I think the biggest challenge was not knowing everyone and their abilities. It was a session where we got to know each other and through that I feel like our future sessions will go more smoothly. 
