---

title: "AUD210 Weekly Blog 6"
category: AUD210
tags: AUD
excerpt: "Soundalike"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blogs/aud210bp1.jpg

---
<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>


### Colbie Caillat - Bubbly
{% include video id="AWGqoCNbsvM" provider="youtube" %}

For the AUD210 Soundalike project, my group has chosen to do a folk-pop song, Bubbly by Colbie Caillat. The song itself, in terms of structure, is straight forward. It goes; intro, verse one, chorus, verse two, chrous, bridge, chorus, insturmental, verse three, chrous and outro. The majority of the song is at a tempo of 128 BPM, however at the outro, it slows down to 104 BPM. It is played in the key of A. The song is driven by an accoustic guitar and vocals. Other intstruments that sit in the back are; drums, bass, synth, and piano. The guitar is played all the way through. Drums and bass are from the first chorus straight to the last chorus. The piano and synth is played at all times, besides the verses.

In terms of sound characteristics, the guitar utilizes of nylon strings for its warmer sound when plucked. Listening to the song, it appears to be fully mono. The drums have a very narrow stereo image. The crashes are bright, but not harsh. The snare has a solid crack sound, but once again not as harsh. The kick sounds soft, and rounded. The bass itself has a very well-rounded sound. It sits comfortable in the back filling in the gaps. 
The vocals are reveberant. I'd reckon the reverb time to be about two-three seonds long. The diffusions is pretty noticeable in the song. 

The overall vibe of the song is of a singer-songwriter. The main emphasis being the gutiar and her voice. It sits pretty much up and in your face compared to everything else. 

