---

title: "AUD210 Weekly Blog 4"
category: AUD210
tags: AUD
excerpt: "Electronic Music Production"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blogs/aud210bp1.jpg

---
<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>


### EMP Remix Plan
I will be remixing, Veritas's song Knockout. It is pretty simple singer-songwriter song with vocals paired with an accoustic guitar. The song itself has a tempo of around 155bpm. It has a simple song structure of verse, chrous, verse, chrous, bridge and outro. 

My plan for the remix will start off with an increase of tempo. The original song it self makes you want to tap your foot, and I would like to speed it up slightly to help get it more into a dance-poppy vibe. I would like to included a rhythmn section, particularly drums. A bass or synth bass will be added as well. For the chrous, I plan to make it bigger by layer different synth sounds and possibly the arrpeigator to create a unique sound. For my music theory is very limited, I believe the arrpeigator will help me find different notes that will sound fit with the original tune and possibly come up with some cathcy melody. 

As for insipiration and style, I took Dabin for the ideas for the chorus for it to be full on. As I don't have the best knowledge in terms of playing music, I will try to pick out different parts in his songs that help create layers. For example, his song has a solid kick sound driving the song before the chorus, I will replicate this with an similiar kick sound I will use on a drum rack. When the chorus hits, a lot more of the drums will be present. I won't be making a lot of fancy melodies as that is not my strength, but rather different sounds and loops from the same chord progressions. 