---

title: "AUS220 Weekly Blog 8"
category: AU220
tags: AUS
excerpt: "Post Production Blog 4"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blogs/AUS220/D24.JPG

---
<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>

## “Final Product”

Considering it was only a matter of four weeks for this whole project, this trailer for Army of Darkness has come a long way. Within those four weeks, I have learnt a lot about post-production audio and it has definitely without a doubt peaked my interest in it. It's a whole different world to the music-production. 

In post-production we basically have three buses to route audio to and then to the output. These buses are Dialogue, Sound Effect, and Soundtrack. These buses make sense especially on a bigger project where you an easily have over fifty tracks. But those three things are what really makes the audio. 

One thing that I really peaked me was the workflow of post-production. You have to be quick and decisive. Audiosuite was one of the main tools we used. In music when we are working on a song, it's about a three minute song, put it on repeat, and put an effect on an insert and basically fiddle with it until we are happy(or happy enough) with it. While for post, we would record a sound, lasting only a few seconds, do a really quick tweaks through audio suite, render and then you're pretty much locked in. It felt so wrong doing it at first, but for the trailer we easily had fifty sound effects so we couldn't spent the same amount of time we would for music, otherwise we'd probably never finished.

It was an eye-opening expierence working on this project. 

