---

title: "AUD210 Weekly Blog 5"
category: AUD210
tags: AUD
excerpt: "Electronic Music Production"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blogs/aud210bp1.jpg

---
<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>


### EMP Remix

<iframe width="100%" height="300" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" allow="autoplay" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/tracks/410920728&color=%23ff5500&auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&show_teaser=true&visual=true"></iframe>

This is my final remix for AUD 210. I took Veritas' track Knockout and added some electronic music elements to it. Doing this remix assignment changed my idea of a remix. Usually when I think of a remix, my ind would assume cut up portions of the original and just a lot of other sounds layered on top. My remix itself, was not anything like this. I kept originally stems, and did not cut them up all. 

I guess I wouldn't originally call it a remix by my own definition before learning how to do a remix. Yet, now I would call it a remix. I added different electonic sounds. Looking back on my plan, I guess I did succedd in it. I wanted the song to start simple, and slowly build layers as the song progress. By the chorus, I wanted a more full sound. I did achieve this by using the arpegiator for it. Then from the second verse I added another layer of an arpegiator for something different. In terms of flow, I guess I did achieve what I wanted in progression of layers with a sudden change in the bridge. Just a different feel, a different atmosphsere. 

I think with my lack of confidence in the remix shows as I haven't really used the sounds of the electronic sounds as the main player, but rather the original stems. I asked for Veritas' feedback and this is what he had to say.


>I really enjoyed the simplicity of the arrangement and how you kept the song structure the same as the original.

>The melodies in the verse were nice & simple, and I am somebody who enjoys that simple stuff in music, so for me they were a winner. The mix could have done with a bit more tweaking, but overall I thought it was a solid attempt.



Overall, I'm happy with the result. I did something outside of my comfort zone and it turned out better than expected. 