---

title: Electronic Music Genre
category: AUD210
tags: AUD
---

Electronic music is a very broad umbrella term for any music that incorporates digital or electronic instruments. That being said, almost all genre of music with have an electronic division within it. For example the pop genre, it is joined by electro pop. What dose that mean? Well given the pop genre, it utilizes electronic instruments. 

This blog post will focus on electronic dance music (EDM).

Electronic dance music has been around longer than I imagined. When I think of the first EDM tracks I ever heard, artist like Daft Punk, David Guetta, and Zedd come up. Sure, I maybe enjoying there music ever since I heard them, but it is a big genre. According to Guetta, in the late 80’s disco music was dying, and the industry was running out of things to play at the discos. Disc jockeys began using old disco records while adding new elements like drum machines and synth. 

According to an article published by Spin Magazine, Coachella 2006 marked a major event for the EDM industry. French duo, Daft Punk, brought its iconic sound that was captivating. Yet what really sold their tracks to the audience was the visual spectacle as they performed in a gigantic glowing pyramid. This moment brought everyone’s attention in the United States into EDM scene. Soon after, Guetta began working with pop artist to bring EDM to even more people. 

So What Does EDM Sound Like?
Honestly, its music that just wants to make you dance to its beat. EDM generally has a high tempo between 129 to 150 beats per minute. It generally has all the instruments you expect, but not the traditional instrument. It utilizes drum machines, bass line generators, and sample sequencer.  

##Examples of EDM
Here are some top EDM songs according to Billboard.

###Clarity - Zedd

{% include video id="IxxstCcJlsc" provider="youtube" %}


###Titanium - David Guetta

{% include video id="JRfuAukYTKg" provider="youtube" %}


###Levels - Avicii

{% include video id="_ovdm2yX4MA" provider="youtube" %}




##Reference
Alvarado, A. (2015). It's a $6.2B industry but, how did EDM get so popular? - CNN. CNN. Retrieved 9 February 2018, from http://edition.cnn.com/2014/12/18/world/how-did-edm-get-so-popular/index.html

della Cava, M. (2012). DJ David Guetta leads the EDM charge into mainstream. USATODAY.COM. Retrieved 9 February 2018, from http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/life/music/news/story/2012-06-05/david-guetta-brings-electronic-dance-music-mainstream/55385368/1

Sherburne, P. (2011). The New Rave Generation. Spin. Retrieved 9 February 2018, from https://www.spin.com/2011/09/new-rave-generation/
