---

title: "Sound Installation Pitch"
category: AU230
tags: AUS
excerpt: "Post Production Intensive"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blogs/aus220.JPG

---
<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>

#Sound Installation Pitch

When I first heard that I had a chance to create a sound installation project, I knew a hundred percent I wanted to do it. I've done a lot of corporate audiovisual work, from setting up to operating, I've been to a wide variety of jobs. A recent visit to the NGV, and my natural affection towards more practical audio projects(not to say studio audio isn't practical, but live audio is more in my favour) also really help trigger this desire to create an immersive audio experience. 

If you could watch a silent movie, you'd still able to experience the thoughts and feelings of the movie by sight. Audio is another dimension. Close your eyes, and imagine yourself anywhere in the world you could be. What would you hear in that location? I'm really interested in the things we hear, and the things we don't realize we hear. 

Working with a colleague of mine, Liam Coffey, we've come up with the idea to an immersive 5.1 surround sound audio experience that tells the story of the day in the life of a homeless person. Planning it out, we're looking at about an 17-20 minute track that covers the whole day. The day itself is split into about five different sessions, and each session has it's own location and vibe. It'll take you from the moment they wake up to events they encounter throughout the day. There will be an emphasis on the natural surround we don't realize we hear. I'm really excited for this project and can't wait to see what we come up with. 