---

title: "AUD210 Weekly Blog 10"
category: AUD210
tags: AUD
excerpt: "Copyright"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blogs/aud210bp2.jpg

---
<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>



## Copyright

In the last ten weeks, I have produced some songs for the AUD210 course. If it was for the real world, what permissions for copyright would I need to have? What organizations do I need to contact? Do I even need to ask for permission? This all varies for each project.


##Remix
A remix differs from cover by being substanial different, having significant change, or new material composition introduced by the remix artist. I remixed Veritas' song Knockout. Since Veritas is an indepdent artist, I would need to contact Veritas for use of his composition. The recordings are owned by Luke Johnstone and because I have used his recordings, his permission is also required. The ownership details needs to be agreed on prior to registeration with APRA AMCOS.

## Soundalike
Republic Records, a divison of Universal Media Group, own the copyright to Colbie Caillat's song, Bubbly, for its composition and recordings.. I will need to contact Republic Records for permission for they own the original composition. I would need to obtain a mechanical license from AMCOS. This license allows the distribution of cover song in a physical form. 

##Jingles
For my Jingles projects, the Hugo Boss ad, Apple iPhone 7 ad, and the animation all do not contain copyrighted material. Everything has been produced by me, myself. I will need to register with APRA to ensure that royalties will be paid to me. For the Forza Horizon 3 trailer, all sounds were recorded between Brice, Brendan, and myself. We own the recordings and will not require external permission. The trailer contains two samples from BBC's Sound Effects library. The samples are free to download under the RemArc License. In summary, the license states that it is free to use for non-commerical or formal educational purposes only. Permission is still required for government related purposes. One of the rules for using BBC's sound is that we are honest in giving credit to them. We are not allowed to exaggerate our realtionship with the BBC, nor impersonate them. 



As all projects were completed for AUD210, all projects are covered under Australia's fair dealing. This allows the use for the purpose of formal education. 
