---

title: "AUD210 Weekly Blog 2"
category: AUD210
tags: AUD
excerpt: "Electronic Music Production"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blogs/aud210bp1.jpg

---
<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>


##Dabin - Hold
{% include video id="byyZkMMHA_M" provider="youtube" %}

Today's blog post will be an anaylisis of the synthesis of Dabin's song, Hold. So hopefully, you have listened to the track once before reading this, but if not, just click play and have a listen while you read. 

Dabin has uses synethesis as pretty much the backbone of his work. He's main focus is producing dance music tracks, and in this case it would be considered electronic dance music the genre versus the umbrella term. 

For example, in the song Hold, synethesis drives the song from start to finish. Starting small, building up, ramping down, and a mixture of anything inbetween. From the beginning of the track, it's a simple bassline and beat. 

At 0:22, the pre-chorus begins and to me it sounds like it's getting faster in a sense, almost as if we are now going through a tunnel, but rather more is happening in terms of layers of synthesis. Also I believe the repitition of lyrics help sell this effect.

At 0:52 When the pre-chorus ends, it sounds like we reached the end of the tunnel of the pre-chorus. It opens up and there is a lot more atmosphere. A break before the chorus. And when the chorus hits at 1:18, it goes back to full on synthesis. Rather than the pre-chorus with its drum-like beats driving, it's most a chord progression paired with a melody line. 

That's pretty much the song, and it repeats the same pattern for about six minutes.

For my own EMP Baseline project, I would love to used his technique of having the synthesis driving the song, from the high and lows of the song. It's a powerful tool to be able to control the energy of the song with it. 

