---

title: "AUS220 Weekly Blog 2"
category: AU220
tags: AUS
excerpt: "Music Production Blog 2"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blogs/aus220.JPG

---
<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>

## What	are	your	thoughts	about	the	demo	that	you	are	working	on?

It's been a week since I've been in the Neve studio and as I mentioned previously my group is working on the demo, Distant Friend. In this blog post, I'll go a bit more indepth of our progress and how I feel about the project so far. 

So initially when presented with this demo, in my head it played out as a more indie-pop track. A piano-driven slow tempo song, and it just seemed liked it had the same vibe as Oh Wonder's All We Do. Perhaps maybe this is what I was really enjoying at the time and it was a genre I never worked on. Here's Oh Wonders song. 


{% include video id="xPGREQvK-dQ " provider="youtube" %}

I wouldn't say I wanted in that exact style, but rather more as an influence. To me it's a slow song with huge dynamics and composition is only part of the track. Lyrics are the other part and it seemed to compliment each other well. 

Realistically speaking, we only had four weeks from start to finish for this demo. Knowing a few musicians were a start, but to be able to find a day that works for everbody to come in and do some tracking would be a challenge. That's assuming we know exactly what we wanted them to track, we're still developing the demo and figuring the song structure at the same time. 

Long story short, the demo became more of a rock song. Personally, I'm glad we can use the strengths of our group. Mitch is a great guitarist and knowledgable of the genre. Me, on the otherhand, I wouldn't say I could comfortable produce a song of this style on my own. We're all working together and learning. 

Thus, I'm more than happy to learn, and there's no better way to learn than to actually put it into practice.
