---

title: "AUS220 Weekly Blog 12"
category: AU220
tags: AUS
excerpt: "Live Production Blog 4"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blogs/AUS220/aus220L.JPG

---
<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>

## “Gig night”

Last night, my team and I had the pleasure to run a pretty awesome gig. We have managed to get a freshyly signed Band and this gig would be there album launch night, as well as a night to get some live recordings done. 

In all honestly, when I was told about a live gig at SAE, in my head it was going to be a student run gig. It was going to be a small band that we had some connection to. In my head, it was going to be of, 'student', quality. But I was wrong. 

From the beginning, we worked as a team and we had all these ambitious ideas, and I guess no one other than us really like it. The biggest thing we did get was a stage in. To have a stage in a gig is essential. In a sense the audience looks up to the band, and the band performs an act, and this act should be on the same level. I feel like it really helps us differentiate the level between the house audience and the performers. Practially speaking, it helps even having the drum kit of the floor.  All the unwanted vibrations are eliminated just by raising the kit.  

Slowly but surely as gig felt more like than a student gig. The band showed up and basically told us the patch she we got was updated. So how did we cater to it. I felt like we played our strengths well. Essentially my job is set Mitch, the front of house engineer, with all the connections laid out, and handle all the patching. So when the band shows up with differences, I platch it in, and then I expalin to Mitch where things are. Having done that, my job in otherwords, was to make it easy for Mitch.  As with any gigs, we did also encouter problems as why things stop working, or level changed and all small stuff like that. In the end we did manage a good sound check. 

When the band got up to play their first songs, it wasn't as good as we hoped. Things changed, and Mitch was on it. I remember turning around to Mitch, and all I saw was three people around him telling him different that needed to be changed. In all honestly, that's exactly what happens in a gig. I knew I had my changes I could tell him, but I have been in his shoes and I know, there's no need to add to his stress. 

As the gig went on, it felt like a solid gig. It was were satisfying to see it all come together. 