---

title: "AUS220 Weekly Blog 6"
category: AU220
tags: AUS
excerpt: "Post Production Blog 2"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blogs/AUS220/D24.JPG

---
<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>

## “Sound	is	bigger than music”

I've come across this phrase and I guess I'll blog about it for a bit. If I'm listening to a song, I guess I'll naturally dissect it and analyze it. I'll try to see how big the drum kit is, what kind of guitars are they using, and what effects are used on the vocals. 

If I was watching the movie, I wouldn't really exactly do the same thing. My focus will still be more on the soundtrack of the movie. Having starting this intensive on postproduction. I've been given a bigger perspective when I watch a movie. I'm starting to realize more the sound aspects of. Since doing a little bit of foley work, I'm starting to not only hear things, but start to  see how I can use them for a different sound effect. 

The biggest thing I learnt from doing foley work is that sound effects are just sounds that can be manipulated to sound like anything you want. It dosen't have to be a the sound of a gun shot to match the gun shot on screen. In the trailer my group is working on, the gun shot was literally a big piece of stick just being smacked agaisnt a piece of acrylic. Like the thought process and creativity to get to that, I would not have got to that point before this.  

In essence sound is indeed bigger than music. It encapsulates literally anything we hear and sometimes we don't realize what we hear, but if we ever stop and think about it, I'm sure we'd are able to think about the sounds we can hear. 

Atmos. In film atmos is the sound that is literally the atmosphere. In relation to music, where we add reverb to give the musical perfomance spach. In film, we use atmos to give the audible space to the scene. Things like the buzz of the airconditioner running to even the sound of cars driving past on the streets. Sounds like that that aren't necessary effects, but rather just the atmosphere. This really change my listening persepctive, and now I'm more aware of what sounds I'm hearing.



